GNU inetutils NEWS -- history of user-visible changes.
Copyright (C) 2002 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
See the end for copying conditions.

Please send inetutils bug reports to <bug-inetutils@gnu.org>.

December 22, 2002
Version 1.4.2:

* Fix endianess problem in ftpd.

* Various portability updates.

* Security fix for rexecd/rshd.

* Fix processing accumulated messages in syslogd


September 02, 2002
Version 1.4.1:

* Fixes a build problem on Solaris

* rsh now honours -V as well as --version

* Fixed a security problem with rshd where new files were being
  created as uid 0.

* Fixed improper ping initialization.

* The syntax of syslog.conf file has been extended. The new
  wildcard facility specification, **, catches all messages with
  a facility not specified explicitely in the configuration file. 


July 31, 2002
Version 1.4.0:

* It is now possible to specify whether to compile individual
  utilities using arguments to configure.

* The GNU networking utilities manual has been started.

* If you have the GNU readline library installed, it will now be used
  by the ftp client.

* There is now a whois client.

* Several security fixes and other bug fixes have been applied.

* The inetd server can read configuration file snippets from
  /etc/inetd.d/.

* The talkd and telnetd servers have been essentially rewritten.

* The ping program was added.

* The syslogd server supports several new features in the
  configuration file, like omitting file sync, piping messages into
  programs etc.  It also supports several new options on the command
  line.

* Inetutils should generally compile on most platforms now.

Release 1.3.2:
 This release attempts to get the encryption/authentication options to
 compile correctly; they appear to work on systems with the appropriate
 libraries, but have not been well tested.

Release 1.3.1:
 This release fixes various small problems.

 Telnet now won't force the stripping of 8-bit characters when not in binary
 mode (it will leave the terminal in whatever state it was originally).

Release 1.3:
 More portable again than 1.2.  It is still very BSD-specific, but now
 works on many popular systems, such as linux and sunos/solaris.
 
 The talk program finally seems to work.

 ftp now supports a --prompt option to force it to print a prompt, even
 when not on a tty (this makes it possible to use ange-ftp with pipes).

 rsh now supports long options.

 Many security fixes have been made, so this release should be more secure
 than previous ones.

Release 1.2:
 An attempt to be somewhat more portable, and reorganize the code to make
 porting a bit easier; it is still very BSD-specific.

 A major bug in ftpd bug that prevents most logins from succeeding is
 fixed, as well as other, more minor, bugs.

Release 1.1:
 A minor release intended only for the GNU hurd.

 This release adds checking for crypt at both compile and runtime (on
 systems where weak refs are supported).

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright information:

Copyright (C) 2002 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

   Permission is granted to anyone to make or distribute verbatim copies
   of this document as received, in any medium, provided that the
   copyright notice and this permission notice are preserved,
   thus giving the recipient permission to redistribute in turn.

   Permission is granted to distribute modified versions
   of this document, or of portions of it,
   under the above conditions, provided also that they
   carry prominent notices stating who last changed them.

Local variables:
mode: outline
paragraph-separate: "[ 	]*$"
end:
