GNU inetutils

This is a distribution of common networking utilities and servers.

They are currently mostly from the 4.4BSD-Lite2 distribution, with some changes
to make them compatible with the GNU Hurd (in particular, the Hurd does not
define some arbitrary limits, such as MAXPATHLEN), and to make them more
portable, using autoconf.  A GNU build environment has also been added.

The GNU whois client reads a whois-servers file to figure out which whois
server to use.  It won't always pick the best server; whois.internic.net
seems to know something about nic.ddn.mil, but the GNU whois client will use
nic.ddn.mil to look up nic.ddn.mil if you use the configuration file we
supply.  Our configuration file probably also does not have a complete list
of whois servers; feel free to send information about additional whois servers
to the bug reporting address.

There are probably many BSD dependencies remaining, but inetutils is believed
to work on the following system types (and others may work):
  i486-gnu0.2
  i486-pc-linux-gnu
  m68k-hp-netbsd1.2
  sparc-sun-netbsd1.2
  sparc-sun-sunos4.1.4
  sparc-sun-solaris2.5

The file `paths' contains a list of all paths used by programs in this
distribution, and rules to find values for them.  To change a path PATH_FOO,
you may either tell configure, by using `--with-path-foo=VALUE' (where VALUE
may contain references to make variables such as `$(bindir)'), or edit
the `paths' file.

If you wish to build only the clients or only the servers, you may wish to
use the --disable-servers or --disable-clients options when invoking
`configure'.  You can also use --enable-<program> or --disable-<program>
to control whether to build individual programs; if you explicitly specify
whether to build a program, that will override the values specified by
--disable-clients or --disable-servers.

Notes:
1) all the manpages will be installed, regardless of which
programs are built.  The whois server list will also be installed.
You can use `make install-exec' instead of `make install' if you do
not want to install these files.

2) All of the r* commands clients, rcp, rlogin, rsh, need to be
install setuid root to work correctly they use priviledge ports
for communication. 

Some known deficiencies:
 o Many programs do not support long options, such as --version or --help.
 o The authentication and encryption options have not been tested.

See the file INSTALL for installation instructions.

Please send all bug reports by electronic mail to:
    bug-inetutils@gnu.org
